Secretary Jiang
Come to my office
Jiang Yining, your courage is getting bigger and bigger
How dare you defraud the company?
Concealing pregnancy before joining the job
Do you know
The company reserves the right to track you
I didn't defraud the company. I
I got pregnant after joining the job
Even if you got pregnant after joining the job
The company pays you a salary
It's not for you to fight your fiancé during work hours
scolding
You saw it too
Those messages are unread
I didn't reply at all.
Really? I think he cares about you.
How about this?
You let him come over
Make an exception to allow him to work with you
Let you work hard
Okay? He's just my friend.
He's not my fiance.
Who is the fiance?
Mr. Gu, this has nothing to do with you, right?
Even if you pay me
I don't have to either
Tell you all about my private life
irrelevant
I think Secretary Jiang's private life is chaotic
I have no idea who the biological father of the child is
Gu Yunqi, don't go too far
Gu Zongsheng is so atmospheric
You're not going to do it.